[docs] Update INSTALL.md and revert cmake version (#9496)
organicmaps/organicmaps: docs/INSTALL.md

_Windows 10:_ no action needed, should work out of the box.

> ### Setup the emulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up the emulator
```

> Setup a virtual device to use [emulator](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator) ("Tools > Device Manager") or [use a hardware device for debugging](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/device).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a virtual device to use [emulator](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator) ("Tools > Device Manager") or [use a hardware device for debugging](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/device).
```
